--------Reduce the slider to two slides------------------------------
We are professional
	Predictions based on the past accurate data gathered through valuation  professionals provide you with reliable predictions 
Lightning fast
	Lightning fast predictions following just a few clicks 
about us 

-------------For the cages-----------------------------------------
1st ----------------
Accuracy
Predictions based on the past accurate data gathered through valuation  professionals provide you with reliable predictions 
2nd--------------
Speed
Unmatched speed of the value predictions following just a couple of clicks
3rd-----------------
User friendly
Attractive user interfaces to provide you with easily understandable content

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
	vision
		Real Property are the most valuable possession of most of the common people. Getting the proper valuation for these real properties is very much important. 
	mission 
		Assisting people by providing them with accurate valuation, facts about how the land is going to be affected by various means of development projects, ultimately to decide whether it would be useful for their expected purpose.
	plan
		provide people with fair accurate prediction of the land they are going to buy, so that they can decide the investment is fruitful for them. 
domain - 
	lit review 
		The use of AI for residential value forecasting has been suggested in the literature from 1990s. Although Sri Lanka is lacking an automated land valuation system, many up and running, reliable solutions have been implemented in developed countries like New Zealand, England and Wales, USA etc. It is obvious with the well-structured digital data infrastructure of those countries, they can implement very accurate systems. Our intention is to identify the ways to use their underlying methodology in a suitable manner in Sri Lankan context. 
	research gap 
		During the AI Asia Summit 2018, the summit panelists Dr. Yasantha Rajakarunanayake, Dr Rukshan Baduwita , Dr. James Shanahan  and Dr. Chrisantha Fernando agreed that Sri Lanka is behind in terms of AI startups, despite the fact software industry is vastly growing area. According to the survey conducted under research done by Karunanda et al, carried out in 2014, this is due to the lack of popularity, knowledge, experts, requirements and sponsorship for the AI related software projects.
But when analyzing local news we can see that AI based applications has become a trend. For Example Dialog has its own AI powered voice service to support its product service framework.
There are researches that have been conducted to predict the Stock prices of Sri Lanka with the usage of Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning approaches, tilted A recurrent neural network approach in predicting daily stock prices an application to the Sri Lankan stock market, and Comparison of Support Vector Regression and Artificial Neural Network Models to Forecast daily Colombo Stock Exchange.According Li et al, to the real estate valuation researches evaluating the use of GIS technology have been conducted. But there is no information regarding application of AI technology in real estate value prediction in Sri Lankan context. 
Our proposed system uses AI model to do the estimations and forecasts. We design the application as much as inexpensive and cost effective to the user, simplified user interfaces, with accurate results which provides a concise but complete report of the analysis of the land.

	research prob
The main research problem is to develop an automated system to evaluate the land based on its neighbourhood economical value and identify the possible effects of development work on the value of the land in the future. This requirement of a solution to predict the current value and future value came from an expertise. While reviewing the literature, by means of supervisor meetings, we identified another aspect as an improvement, which is to predict the effect of future development work on a particular land, since Sri Lanka is a developing country, although the rate of development may vary, infrastructure development projects are carried out frequently.  

We can never underestimate the duty of a valuation officer as the estimations are affected by numerous factors of particular to the area. But these factors are subjected to perception of each other’s experience, according to  Vaz J.,  the discretionary and the appraisers’ subjectivity that characterize traditional real estate valuation are still allowed to take part in the formation of the asset price even when respecting international standards (EVS, IVS) or Appraisal Institution´s regulations (TEGOVA, RICS, etc.). For example, an experienced valuer who is familiar with the area maybe biased towards the effect of regional factors, social factors, than the physical factors compared to a fairly new valuer who still sticks to the land valuation theories and follow the proven procedure. Therefore, manual valuation can be considered as a more sensitive approach.

	objectives
	The main objective of our research is to develop a portable application which can provide instant report of a selected land parcel which can provide the users with an insight of the land with current value and future value.
	Specific Objectives
		Identifying the most accurate algorithm from conventional Multiple Regression Analysis (MRA) and non-conventional Artificial Neural Networks (ANN) in the domain of providing values in the domain of current value prediction following the Sales Comparison Approach

		Identifying methods to optimize the values provided as current value prediction so that the procedure could be used as a reliable option.

		Identifying method to predict future value based on the fluctuation rates and records of weather conditions.

		Identifying the effect of proposed development plans on the future price of the selected land plot

		Creating a concise yet complete report based on the selected land plot which can be used to assist in making smarter property related decisions. 

features 

	acuurate current value prediction
	reliable future value prediction 
	valuer recommendation system

milestones
	Project topic Assessment 16/01/2018
	Project Charter 31/01/2018
	Project Proposal Report  12/03/2018 5%
	Project Proposal Presentation  13/03/2019 5%
	Preliminary Progress Review 23/04/2019 6%
	Progress presentation 1 18/06/2019 10%
	Progress presentation 2 3/09/2019 18%
	Website Assessment 4%
	Final presentation 10%
	Viva 15%
	

	
